coyote Peterson here host of the brave
wilderness Channel in the first episode
I vividly remember the scene when the
great white shark left from the water
and caught a seal
now they slowed down the footage 40
times it's normal speed and you can see
the power and the strength of that
animal i sat there with my jaw gave just
like this and I'm pretty sure that I
dropped my popcorn on the floor as it
grabbed onto its prey and then splashed
back down into the ocean
my favorite moment is when we see a
pride of lions attack elephants except
everything was shot at night and this
was really innovative technology at the
time and it gave us an insight into
something we hadn't seen before
assault alarm stands no chance but the
whole pride is here first one that comes
to mind is the bird of paradise dancing
it looks like a blue face with a long
mouth and two blue eyes it inspired me
to do my own mating dance and now I'm
married it's hard not to feel deflated
when even your best isn't good enough
hey Emily graslie of the brain scoop
here my favorite planet Earth moment was
the shot at the giant Japanese
salamander they're the biggest name
phibian is alive on our planet today and
seeing a shot of that animal fishing and
action was just the coolest thing I've
ever seen free from a competition these
giants can die alone
for me the best sequence from that
original series has to be when the
wolves are hunting the caribou up in the
Arctic it is a truly tense and dramatic
sequence and you're on the edge of your
seat wondering with the wolf will catch
it well the caribou get away it's just
one of those remarkable moments captured
in that first series
[Music]
favorite planet Earth moment Bactrian
camels opening scene of the deserts
episode I never heard of a Bactrian
camel before this not to mention that
the mating scene was pretty funny I
don't know what type of dance he was
doing this extraordinary performance is
a male Bactrian camels way of attracting
the attention of a passing female I'm
Joe from it's okay to be smart my
favorite planet Earth moment could be
almost anything from the caves episode
but the most amazing moment is when we
see lechuguilla cave those gypsum
formations are just breathtaking
almost no one is allowed in that cave
and it's probably the last time it'll be
filmed in our lifetime that's really
special the chandelier ballroom was the
ultimate discovery with its six meter
long crystals it's shown in the most
bizarre cave chamber
the planet Earth moment that really
stuck with me is the cordyceps fungi
because it's just so bizarre the
parasitic fungi infest sand ants body as
it grows inside it it manages to change
the ants behavior what happens next
is wonderfully McCobb and perfectly
visualized with time that's photography
like something out of science fiction
the fruiting body of the cordyceps
erupts from the ants head
[Music]
I would have to say it was the chimp war
party scene it talked about why these
chimps were going to war it was fighting
over territory for natural resources
food sources and that's a lesson that
can be applied directly to human beings
there's part of that that they exist in
humanity when we're at our worst not far
away
the neighbors are feeding in the fig
tree oblivious to the approaching danger
I think you'll agree a pretty awesome
selection of clips by the guys if you
want to see any of their content check
out their channels some of their videos
are absolutely amazing
this film is made to support the release
of Planet Earth 2 we have exclusive
clips from the series here on BBC earth
and we have behind the scenes and unseen
footage on our sister channel earth
unplugged you can check them out by
clicking on the links let us know which
sequences were your favorite from the
original Planet Earth series and tell us
why in the comments section below and
then also just click the link to buy the
DVD thanks so much for watching hope you
guys enjoy Planet Earth 2 and we'll see
you guys soon